Add clarification on node visualization for service map (#28503)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/services/services_map.md

Nodes represent services exactly as instrumented in APM and match those in your [Software Catalog][4]. Edges represent aggregate calls from one service to another. These interactions are shown on the flame graph for each individual [trace][5].

> New services or connections appear within moments of being instrumented and automatically age out if no corresponding traces are seen for 30 days. You can query any service map with a timeframe of up to 30 days; however, nodes only appear in the graph if they have data within the selected timeframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New services or connections appear within moments of being instrumented and automatically age out if no corresponding traces are seen for 30 days. You can query any service map with a time frame of up to 30 days; however, nodes only appear in the graph if they have data within the selected time frame.
```
